Small fixes (#11)
observability-lab-cse/observability-lab-workshop: 03-add-basic-observability-instrumentation/README.md

To gain this lower level of visibility into our solution, we have various tools at our disposal. To demonstrate how easily you can instrument an existing application, we'll explore an auto-instrumentation approach using OpenTelemetry's automated instrumentation agents and the OpenTelemetry collector to send telemetry data upstream. 😉

> 📝 **Note:**  This article ["Cluster observability"](https://internal.playbook.microsoft.com/code-with-platformops/capabilities/observability/k8s-observability/?h=instrumentation+based#individual-instrumentation-based-approaches) on the PlatformOps Playbook offers a comparison of a few other  approaches for instrumenting applications, along with links to relevant resources and samples.

But first, let's provision our resources so that we have a destination to send the newly gathered data.

## ⚙️ Provision Resources

> **📌 Starting point 📌**
>

> > Check out this branch [/03-add-basic-observability-instrumentation)](https://github.com/observability-lab-cse/observability-lab/tree/section/03-add-basic-observability-instrumentation), in case you have not done the previous section, and run `make` from the root folder.

Reviewer: As agreed, this branch will be like branch 02, but just the same makefile as current 03 branch.
And then I would phrase it like:
> Check out this branch [section/03-add-basic-observability-instrumentation)](https://github.com/observability-lab-cse/observability-lab/tree/section/03-add-basic-observability-instrumentation). In case you have not done the previous section, run `make` from the root folder.

Reviewer 2: I updated to use branch [section/02-deploy-application](https://github.com/observability-lab-cse/observability-lab/tree/section/02-deploy-application). Did I miss something from your comment @MagdaPaj ?

> > Check out this branch [/03-add-basic-observability-instrumentation)](https://github.com/observability-lab-cse/observability-lab/tree/section/03-add-basic-observability-instrumentation), in case you have not done the previous section, and run `make` from the root folder.

Reviewer 3: Should it be [section/02-deploy-application](https://github.com/observability-lab-cse/observability-lab/tree/section/02-deploy-application) as a starting branch?
```suggestion
> Check out this branch [section/02-deploy-application](https://github.com/observability-lab-cse/observability-lab/tree/section/02-deploy-application), in case you have not done the previous section, and run `make` from the root folder.
```
